# prototype

How to install any dependencies and run the project: Our project doesn’t use any dependencies, and should not require any special action to run on the display as we only made use of HTML, CSS and JavaScript in their most basic form.

A brief description of the project and what tasks it addresses: Our project is a 10 question interactive quiz/survey which users control by raising and moving their right hand. Half (5) of the questions are trivia questions regarding the mental health of college students, while the other half (5) of the questions are survey questions gauging the user’s own mental health. At the end, the user receives a message that changes based on their overall answers to the survey questions. Additionally, the results page contains the QR code for a feedback form where users can give their thoughts on the installation, as well as see the sources for the trivia portion. This project accomplishes two primary tasks: Firstly, users get to learn about mental health among college students through a fun, interactive trivia game; Secondly, users get to gauge their own mental health and receive guidance toward mental health resources as well as toward reaching out to/building their support system.

Any constraints from the deployment environment: Users can stand at any reasonable distance from the display (optimal distance is about 4-5 feet). The display recognizes the first person to raise their right hand, and then only follows the movements of that person until they step out of frame. Then, it looks for another person to raise their right hand, or if no one appears for a set amount of time, the display returns to the landing page.

Collaboration Report
Name: Feranmi Oluwadairo
Net ID: oeo4
Implemented CSS template for page designs. Created a cursor and implemented positioning on the screen (paired this with detection of cursor positioning). Implemented detection of users based on who raised their right hand and the tracking of this user as long they are in the frame. Worked on the functionality of our buttons (colour changes when hovering and recognising when the cursor is over them). Refined styling and general design in CSS/HTML to make the display more coherent and visually appealing. Combined work in different branches so that our individual changes worked together. Showed up to almost every meeting (was away for the weekend but worked remotely as much as possible) and collaborated with team members. 

Name: Tam Vu
Net ID: tmv22
Created the results page (final page) in HTML and CSS. Figured out how to detect what elements the cursor is on based on the right hand position detected by the Kinect. This served as a template for trivia and survey questions. Created the initial framework of the survey questions in CSS and HTML so that it could interact with the cursor. Figured how to locally keep track of the player's score while going through different questions and storing that for the results page. Helped figure out a system to generate responses on the results page based on player’s survey answers. Helped with styling and small bug fixes. Showed up to every meeting and collaborated with team members. 

Name: Kaitlin Flores
Net ID: kmf69
Created git repo and initial (very bare) framework for homepage, created initial instructions/questions pages, figured out how to integrate the Kinect data into the questions, track user’s right hand and allow the user to choose answers with the timer, got the Kinect to track the same person instead of flipping between people (both Fera and I worked on this), created timer functions for pages like correct/incorrect that just wait before switching to the next page, implemented flow of system, got system to detect if answer was correct/incorrect and go to corresponding page, added all of the question/trivia slides and made them uniform, made system detect if person it was tracking left so that popup would come up and system would reset, got system to track the health score of each person so that our results page could change based on that, modularized code so that it was easier to implement for all pages, showed up to every meeting and collaborated with other team members. 

Name: Tyler Norsworthy
Net ID: tin2
To preface, I had absolutely 0 HTML and JavaScript experience prior to this project, and so I mainly tried to focus on CSS and other non-HTML/JS items. Created the initial CSS format for the correct and incorrect pages, as well as for the trivia pages. Sourced the information for the trivia questions and came up with the questions for the survey portions. Wrote the final blurbs for the survey results, and decided the method for making the results change based on survey results. Created and wrote the feedback/sources Google Form. Once Feranmi created the final styling for the display’s landing page, I went through and used it as a template to then apply cohesive styling with the rest of the project’s pages. Once Kaitlin made the template for the trivia and survey pages, I went through and changed the text and for trivia the correct answer markings so that each page functioned properly with its own question (and for trivia, answers). On the final day, helped Kaitlin debug the “player not detected” feature and the varying survey results feature. Showed up to every group meeting, and even when I couldn’t directly help by coding, did my best to understand what was going on and assist with debugging as a second set of eyes when possible.

^Can attest he was at every meeting and put in a lot of work, although he had less experience -Kaitlin
